oh hi this is an emergency transmission
if you see miss the TARDIS must have
detected an upsurge in psychological
signals from somewhere in space and time
basically I think somebody somewhere
might be a little bit worried how much
was your stealth isolating or as I like
to call it hiding from an army of
Sontarans but keep that to yourself
now here's what I do in any worrying
situation one remember you will get
through this and things will be all
right
even if they look uncertain even if
you're worried darkness never prevails
to tell jokes even bad ones especially
bad ones I am brilliant at bad ones
three be kind even kinder than you were
yesterday and I know you were super kind
yesterday look out for each other you
won't be the only one worried talking
will help sharing will help look out for
your friends your neighbors people you
hardly know and family because in the
end we're all family for listen to
science and listen to doctors right
they've got you back five stay strong
stay positive
you've got this and I will see you very
soon